Comedy Director & Creative Technologist
People come to me when they want to turn a funny idea into something that hits with audiences, or when they want to experiment with new forms in new ways.

Separating professional services from myself as a director?
Andy Zou
Director
Instant Magenta, LLC - Creative Video Production Solutions & Services
Editing
Production
etc?

Producer
Technologist ( / Editor?)
Sometimes you just need a creative technical generalist who can iterate and experiment fast to get you what you need.
Creative
Directing
Andy’s guiding star when it comes to creative is his audience.  What will they think?  How will they feel?  He always likes to put himselves in their shoes to see if he can strike a chord with them.  Finding the commonality shared via shared experience and pop culture.  This informs creative choices from pacing to dialogue, from energy to tktktktk, and is how Andy managed to make accessible, relatable comedic content for years.
What’s the joke we all get?  Tapping into shared experience of pop culture and humor.  May not be the most high-brow, but there’s something shared underneath it all.
Accessible
The transformation of an idea from the paper to the mind of the viewer
Poly Rom Com, Comedy Central stuff?
Pitching / Brand stuff?
From pitching for internal campaigns to branded one-offs, Andy has an eye for out-of-the-box creative and unique premises.
Polygon Pitch, Loop Pitches?
Producing
DBH, shorts, Big Downer
Social Content
Rizzle, Eggs, Snapchat, influencers (anwar, Adam WAheed, Yung Gravy
Technologist
Editor
A lifelong editor, Andy knows his way in and out of the entirety of the Adobe suite.  He can even code in it.
Andy has put together social projects for high-visibility brands such as Will Smith, Barstool Sports, and multiple Hollywood Projects.
Will Smith, Barstool, Armada Projects
VFX
But Andy knows that content these days requires more than vanilla editing.  From coding complex effects in After Effects, to animating and compositing in 3D tools like Unreal Engine, or leveraging node-based workflows for generative AI like ComfyUI, Andy is a born tinkerer and believes you’ve got to try everything out at least once.
MFF, Jackson Pollack, Beauty and the Beast, iContact, Unreal Engine
AI
Gen AI Samples
Code / Software
At heart, Andy’s a tech geek who likes to have his finger on the pulse of new technology.
Blog
ArgueWiki
BreatheWidget
Github Chart?
web3
OlympusDAO
About
Among other things Andy is father to a beloved 1 year old, and a co-producer of Tootsie’s Video Vault, an annual film festival in Brooklyn.
